you take the lessons Leadership examples experienced train that you learned
at O. C s flythe. Um, every day you're going to be every day's
a new day days, a chance to reach back into your offer and see what
tools you need to pull out and use, because you will be challenged
every day. So there are gonna be some lessons that you're going to train
so much you will not use that you use, perhaps on a different ship
or that you use. So we've put a lot of training and education into
Lucius. You might think that it's, you know, and we're gonna use
it happy. Use it at some point in time. So many leases off the lot,
so you'll use it later on at a short tour or a different Nuzum years
of marriage